[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So that's my case for
and against the arrow function.
I now want you to practice.
So I want you to pop open the ex zero.
It's zero because I was too lazy
to go back and renumber stuff.
I inserted this just before the workshop.
This EX zero,
big old hairy mess of FUBAR stuff here,
this is the file that you have.
So you can know that there's
a whole bunch of functions in here.
Functions used in various different ways.
Functions used as IIFEs.
Functions used as function declarations.
Functions used as function
expressions that are return.
Functions used as callbacks passed
to a map or a set time out.
Some of them have a dot
this reference in them.
Whole bunch of functions across this.
You are tasked with exercise zero.
Go crazy with the arrow function, right?
Start rewriting all of your stuff
using the arrow function and
by the way I don't go over this.
But the thing that people that
love the arrow function love to
do is they also love to avoid
the curly braces at all cost.
So let's say we had a function like this.
Let's say we had a function called
foo that did an if statement.
if (x > 5) return x,
else return 1 for example, okay?
Very simple example.
When somebody goes to convert that to
an arrow function now, we have an if
statement, you're gonna be able to use
an if statement in the concise body.
But we don't want to use curly braces,
right?
So the way we do this is we replace
the if statement with a ternary
because that's an expression and
we can use that.
So when you see people write that
they'll say, var food = x and
then they'll start use an ternary and by
the way, we also need to write all of our
arrow functions all on one line for
maximum readability sake.
Write them all in one line with
no indentation or new lines.
So x = x > 5?
x : 1.
Totally readable right?
Nobody has any trouble
parsing that whatsoever.
It's like the good old days of Pearl.
So the point I'm trying to make is that
whenever you start using arrow functions,
you're gonna wanna pull out
every kind of grammatical
trick that you can to avoid
having to write curly braces.
I mean I'm talking about putting like
variable declarations as unused parameters
in your parameter list.
Using the comma operator as
part of a way to put multiple
expressions in one concise expression.
I mean every trick that you can think
of so go crazy with exercise zero.
Try to make as much of that.
By the way, if you run this code,
if I run this,
what you'll notice is that
it returns true at the end.
So your code needs to preserve
the test case that's built into it.
It needs to continue to return true.
If it doesn't, you failed, okay?